 Why did the cookie go to the hospital?  Because he felt crummy 
 Why did Johnny throw the clock out of the window?  Because he wanted to see time fly! 
 What did the policeman say to his belly button?  You're under a vest! 
 What do you call a fake noodle?  An impasta 
 What do lawyers wear to court?  Lawsuits! 
 What did one toilet say to the other toilet?  You look flushed 
 Why is there a gate around cemeteries?  Because people are dying to get in! 
 Why wouldn't the shrimp share his treasure?  Because he was a little shellfish 
 What lights up a soccer stadium?  A soccer match 
 Why was the baby strawberry crying?  Because his mom and dad were in a jam. 
 Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil?  Because it's pointless. 
 Why did the man put his money in the freezer?  He wanted cold hard cash!
 What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches?  A nervous wreck 
 Why did the barber win the race?  Because he took a short cut.
 What do call cheese that isn't yours?  Nacho Cheese 
 What do you call four bullfighters standing in quicksand?  Quattro Sinko 
 How do you make a tissue dance?  Put a little boogey in it! 
 What do you call a sleeping bull?  A bulldozer! 
 What do you call a belt with a watch on it?  A waist of time 
 What do you call bears with no ears?  B 
 Where do pencils go for vacation?  Pencil-vania
 Why couldn't the pony sing himself a lullaby?  He was a little hoarse
 What did the judge say when the skunk walked in the court room?  Odor in the court.
 Where do snowmen keep their money?  In snow banks! 
 What is the best day to go to the beach?  Sunday, of course! 
 How do hens cheer for their team?  They egg them on!
 Why did the man with one hand cross the road?  To get to the second hand shop. 
 What bow can't be tied?  A rainbow! 
 What season is it when you are on a trampoline?  Spring time 
 What is red and smells like blue paint?  Red Paint 
 Why do fish live in salt water?  Because pepper makes them sneeze! 
 Why did the birdie go to the hospital?  To get a tweetment 
 What has one head, one foot and four legs?  A Bed
 Where did the computer go to dance?  To a disc-o 
 Why is England the wettest country?  Because the queen has reigned there for years! 
 Why did the banana go to the Doctor?  Because it was not peeling well 
 Why did the computer go to the doctor?  Because it had a virus! 
 Why did Roger go out with a prune?  Because he couldn’t find a date! 
 What happened to the dog that swallowed a firefly?  It barked with de-light! 
 How do you shoot a killer bee?  With a bee-bee gun 
 Who earns a living driving their customers away?  A taxi driver 
 What did the little mountain say to the big mountain?  Hi Cliff! 
 What did Winnie The Pooh say to his agent?  Show me the honey! 
 Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road?  To go with the traffic jam!
 What goes through towns, up & over hills, but doesn't move?  The road! 
 What kind of dogs like car racing?  Lap dogs
 Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab?  The scientists were brainstorming! 
 Why couldn't the pirate play cards?  Because he was sitting on the deck! 
 What do you call a baby monkey?  A Chimp off the old block 
 Where do bees go to the bathroom?  At the BP station! 
 Why did the traffic light turn red?  You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street! 
 What did one elevator say to the other elevator?  I think I'm coming down with something! 
 What do you get when you cross fish and an elephant?  Swimming trunks. 
 What do you call the security guards who work at the Samsung store?  Guardians of the Galaxy. 
 What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?  Frostbite 
 What word is always spelled wrong in the Dictionary?  Wrong. 
 Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself?  It was two-tired! 
 What kind of animal do you not want to play games with?  A cheetah
 Why did the chicken get a penalty?  For fowl play!
 What is a cheerleader’s favorite drink?  Rootbeer
 When does Friday come before Thursday?  In the dictionary 
 What did the blanket say to the bed?  Don't worry, I've got you covered! 
 How many tickles does it take to make an Octopus laugh?  Ten-tickles 
 What kind of bird sticks to sweaters?  a Vel-Crow 
 What washes up on very small beaches?  Microwaves 
 What kind of button won’t unbutton?  A bellybutton! 
 Where do boats go when they get sick?  The dock 
 What pet makes the loudest noise?  A trum-pet! 
 What do you call a funny mountain?  Hill-arious! 
 What's easy to get into but hard to get out of?  Trouble 
 What do you call two fat people having a chat?  A heavy discussion 
 What did the triangle say to the circle?  You’re pointless!
 What kind of crackers do firemen like in their soup?  Firecrackers! 
 What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock?  Look grandpa, no hands! 
 What is an astronaut's favorite place on a computer?  The Space bar! 
 Which month do soldiers hate most?  The month of March! 
 What starts with a P, ends with an E, and has a million letters in it?  Post Office! 
 What runs but doesn't get anywhere?  A refrigerator 
 Why did the scarecrow win an award?  Because he was out-standing in his field. 
 What kind of dog keeps the best time?  A watch dog. 
 Which is the longest word in the dictionary?  "Smiles", because there is a mile between each 's' 
 Why did the dinosaur cross the road?  Because the chicken joke wasn't invented yet. 
 Why couldn't dracula's wife get to sleep?  Because of his coffin. 
 What did the worker at the rubber band factory say when he lost his job?  Oh Snap! 
 What did one hat say to another?  You stay here, I'll go on a head 
 What do prisoners use to call each other?  Cell phones. 
 What did the elder chimney say to the younger chimney?  You're too young to smoke! 
 Why are pirates called pirates?  Cause they arrrrr. 
 What did the lawyer name his daughter? A. Sue 
 What did the cat say after eating two robins lying in the sun? A. I just love baskin' robins. 
 How many books can you put in an empty backpack? A. One! After that it’s not empty! 
 Did you hear they're changing the flooring in daycare centers? A. They're calling it infant-tile! 
 What three candies can you find in every school?  Nerds, DumDums, and smarties. 
 How do crazy people go through the forest?  They take the psycho path. 
 Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock?  Because it's a little meteor 
 Why is Peter Pan always flying?  He neverlands! 
 Why did the picture go to jail?  Because it was framed! 
 What do you call an alligator in a vest?  An Investigator 
 What stays in the corner and travels all over the world?  A stamp 
 What kind of key opens a banana?  A monkey! 
 What do you call a guy who never farts in public?  A private tutor 
 What goes up when the rain comes down?  An umbrella 
 What did the tree say to the wind?  Leaf me alone! 
 Did you hear the joke about the roof?  Never mind, it's over your head! 
 Why didn't the skeleton go to the dance?  Because he had no-body to go with. 
 What did the horse say when he fell?  Help, I've fallen and I can't giddy up! 
 What happens when the smog lifts over Los Angeles?  UCLA 
 Which U.S. State has the smallest soft drinks?  Mini-soda 
 Why did the stadium get hot after the game?  All of the fans left 
 What did the duck say to the bartender?  Put it on my bill 
 How does a squid go into battle?  Well Armed 
 What kind of tea is hard to swallow?  Reality 
 Why was the guy looking for fast food on his friend?  Because his friend said dinner is on me. 
 What did the Time Traveler do when he was still hungry after his last bite?  He went back four seconds. 
 What do you call an unpredictable, out of control photographer?  A loose Canon. 
 Did you hear about the sensitive burglar?  He takes things personally. 
 Did the disappointed smoker get everything he wanted for Christmas?  Clothes, but no cigar. 
 What do you call the sound a dog makes when it's choking on a piece of its owner's jewelry?  A diamond in the ruff. 
 What do you call the heavy breathing someone makes while trying to hold a yoga pose?  Yoga pants. 
 How do you impress a baker when you're taking his daughter on a date?  Bring her flours. 
 Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibit?  Because it was cultured. 
 Where do cows hang their paintings?  In the mooo-seum. 
 Why did the tomato turn red?  Because it saw the salad dressing! 
 Why did the can crusher quit his job?  Because it was soda pressing. 
 What do bees do if they want to use public transport?  Wait at a buzz stop! 
 What did the fashion police officer say to his sweater?  "Do you know why I pulled you over?" 
 What do you call a group of unorganized cats?  A Cat-astrophe 
 Why did the frog take the bus to work?  His car got toad. 
 What do you give to a sick lemon?  Lemon aid! 
 What do they call cans in Mexico?  Mexi-cans 
 What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college?  Bison 
 Where do Volkswagens go when they get old  The Old Volks home! 
 Why did the elephants get kicked out of the public pool?  They kept dropping their trunks. 
 What's the most musical part of a chicken?  The drumstick 
 What do you call a seagull that flies over the bay?  A Bagel 
 What did the fisherman say to the magician?  Pick a cod, any cod! 
 What did the red light say to the green light?  Don't look, I'm changing! 
 Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the casino?  Because he was on a roll. 
 What would Bears be without Bees?  Ears 
 Why did the poor man sell yeast?  To raise some dough. 
 How do snails fight?  They slug it out. 
 Why do bananas wear suntan lotion?  Because they peel. 
 What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?  I don't know and I don't care. 
 Why are penguins socially awkward?  Because they can't break the ice. 
 Where do hamburgers go to dance?  They go to the meat-ball 
 What kind of shoes do all spies wear?  Sneakers 
 Why did the boy tiptoe past the medicine cabinet?  He didn't want to wake the sleeping pills! 
 What do you get when you put your radio in the fridge?  Cool Music.
 Why did the belt go to jail?  Because it held up a pair of pants! 
 What do you call a bear with no socks on?  Bare-foot. 
 What can you serve but never eat?  A volleyball. 
 How do bees get to school?  They take the school buzz, of course! 
 What do you call a cow on a trampoline?  A milk shake! 
 Why did the boy sprinkle sugar on his pillow before he went to sleep?  So he could have sweet dreams. 
 Why did the robber take a bath?  Because he wanted to make a clean getaway. 
 What did the penny say to the other penny?  We make perfect cents. 
 How do you find a Princess?  You follow the foot Prince. 
 Why did the hipster burn his tongue with his pizza?  He ate it before it was cool! 
 How do crazy people go through the forest?  They take the psycho path. 
 What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes?  Remorse code.
 What do you call a fat psychic?  A four chin teller 
 Why aren’t koalas actual bears?  The don’t meet the koalafications.
 What's brown and sticky?  A stick.
 What's a foot long and slippery?  A slipper 
 What's red and moves up and down?  A tomato in an elevator
 How does NASA organize a party?  They planet
 What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common?  Same middle name. 
 Who walks into a restaurant, eats shoots and leaves?  A Panda 
 What did one eye say to the other eye?  Don’t look now, but something between us smells.
 What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa?  A Clausterphobic 
 What sound do porcupines make when they kiss?  Ouch! 
 Why can't your nose be twelve inches long?  Because then it would be a foot! 
 What did the man say to the wall?  One more crack like that and I'll plaster ya! 
 Why don't skeletons fight each other?  They don't have the guts. 
 What has four wheels and flies?  Garbage truck! 
 What do you say when you lose a wii game?  Ouch! 
 Why should you take a pencil to bed?  I want a wii-match! 
 Why was the student's report card wet?  It was below C level! 
 What streets do ghosts haunt?  Dead ends! 
 What do you call it when Batman skips church?  Christian Bale 
 What did the grape do when it got stepped on?  It let out a little wine! 
 What did the time traveler do when he was still hungry after dinner?  He went back four seconds.
 What starts with "e," ends with "e," and contains one letter? An envelope.
 All these sea monster jokes are just Kraken me up.
 My boyfriend told me to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
 What day of the year is a "command to go forward"?  March 4th. 
 Why doesn't Texas fall into the Gulf of Mexico? Because Oklahoma sucks! 
 Why is your refrigerator in good shape? Because it's always running!
 What do you call a sleep walking nun? A roamin' Catholic
 Two men walk into a bar...the third one ducks.
 My martial arts instructor said I have a great sensei humor
 About a month before he died, my uncle had his back covered in lard. After that, he went down hill fast.
 Two fish are in a fish tank. One turns to the other and says, "How the heck to we drive this thing?!"
 What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
 Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
 A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, 'Sorry we don't serve food here.'
 Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, 'No, just leave it in the carton!'
 Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
 Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse!
 How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
 Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted. 
 I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
 How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
 Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
 A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, 'First offender?' She says, 'No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!'
 I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
 5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
 Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
 A three-legged dog walks into a bar and says to the bartender, 'I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.'
 What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
 What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing...they fast.
 Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go? 
 Did you know vampires arent real? Unless you Count Dracula.
 What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
 What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
 I’ve been saying “mucho” more when talking to my Hispanic friends. It means a lot to them.
 I used to think I was indecisive, now I’m not so sure.
 I called the tinnitus help line. I wouldn’t stop ringing.
 What kind of vitamin improves your eyesight? Vitamin see.
 I keep trying to lose weight. But it keeps finding me
 How does moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
 What are terminators called when they retire? Exterminators.
 Is "buttcheeks" one word? Or should I spread them apart?
 What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
 I found out why nurses carry red crayons. In case they have to draw blood.
 Why don't they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs!
 How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles!
 Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack!
 Why did the stadium get hot after a game? All the fans left.
 What did the duck say to the bartender? Put it on my bill.
 What did the number zero say to her parents before leaving for college? Here goes nothing.
 Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella? For drizzle.
 What do you call an alligator in a vest? An in-vesti-gator.
 What do you call a seagull that flies over a bay? A bagel.
 How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank it before it was cool.
 I got my power bill the other day. It was a watt.
 I got my power bill the other day. I was shocked.
 What do you call a female stapler? A staple-her.
 What does a ghost send as an invoice? A terror-bill.
 What did the judge say when someone farted? Odor in the court!
 What do you call a rude chicken from Jamaica? A "jerk" chicken
 What do you call a cow who's had too much caffeine? Beef jerky
 What does the mortician use to fix corpses' hair? A brush with death
 Why was Paper so happy with Toy? Because Toy let Paper roll. 
 What kinds of palms grow when you tell bad jokes? Face palms.
 If you fell a really tall tree, are you guilty of high treeson?
 Why are elephants never seen hiding in trees? Because they're really good at it!
 What did the rifle say when it got tired? I'm shot.
 What do you call it when you hit your finger with a hammer? Finger "nailed"
 What do you say when someone says you've got a booger hanging out of your nose? Snot any of your business...
 I hate eating clocks...it's so time consuming.
 What did the clock say when it was running late? Gimme a minute!
 What did the doctor say when he set the actor's broken leg? Lights! Camera! Traction!
 What happened at the clown's funeral? They acted like a bunch of bozos. 
 Why did the bike fall over? It was two tired.
 Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? He got a hole in one.
 What did the policeman say to his belly button? You’re under a vest.
 Why did the man get hit by a bike every day? He was stuck in a vicious cycle.
 What kind of ghost has the best hearing? The eeriest.
 Why are there gates around cemeteries? People are dying to get in.
 A duck goes downtown to buy some Quack, and the Quack dealer asks, "How are you going to pay for this Quack?!", and the duck says, "Just put it on my bill."
 You know why bee's hair is sticky? Because they use a honeycomb.
 How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan got for Christmas? He felt his presents.
 Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they can't C#.
